# edu-research-DAP
Examinig pre and posttest design 
# Introduction 
Educational research often uses pre- and posttest design to evaluate learning over time. Changes in learning may also speak to the efficacy of curriculum and instructional practices. This guide focuses on the use of pre and posttests, evaluated using paired sample t-tests to assess learning over the course of four digital citizenship lessons. These lessons were completed during a 12-week therapeutic youth mentoring programming called Campus Connections, which paired 8 youths with undergraduate student mentors. Mentor and mentee meet weekly for one evening of programming, engaging in structured activities on campus. In addition to learning surveys, youth participants also complete the DAP at the beginning and end of CC. The DAP assesses the presence of a variety of assets associated with social, emotional, academic, and 
psychological wellness.  
# 1. Evaluating Learning Changes with t-test 
In order to determine whether youth participants made significant learning gains during digital citizenship lessons, this study utilized social statistics with a pretest–posttest design. Participants (n = 8) completed a pretest prior to beginning each of the four lessons and a posttest at completion of each lesson. Youth also completed a demographic questionnaire, and the Developmental Assets Profile (DAP; Search Institute, 2014) regarding their academic, social, emotional, and psychological wellness. The DAP was completed before the start of programming, and again at the end of programming. 
